Remove deprecated components and legacy options (#3063)
hyperspy/hyperspy: CHANGES.rst

- :py:meth:`AxesManager.set_signal_dimension` is removed, use :py:meth:`~.signal.BaseSignal.as_signal1D`,
  :py:meth:`~.signal.BaseSignal.as_signal2D` or :py:meth:`~.signal.BaseSignal.transpose` of the signal instance instead.

Components
----------

> - The :py:class:`hyperspy._components.polynomial_deprecated.Polynomial` component is removed.

Reviewer: From the user perspective this may be misleading: it can be read as the `Polynomial` component has been removed, it is its API, which has changed. 

Something along the line of:
```suggestion
- The API of the :py:class:`~.api.model.components1D.Polynomial` has changed after it has been deprecated since hyperspy 1.5. The old API had a single parameters ``coefficients`` and it has been replace with ``a0``, ``a1``, etc.
```

> - The `legacy` option for :py:class:`hyperspy._components.arctan.Arctan` is removed, :py:class:`hyperspy._components.eels_arctan.EELSArctan` is now an independent component.
> - The `legacy` option for :py:class:`hyperspy._components.voigt.Voigt` is removed, :py:class:`hyperspy._components.pes_voigt.PESVoigt` is now an independent component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `legacy` option (introduced in HyperSpy 1.6) for :class:`~.api.model.components1D.Arctan` is removed, use :class:`hyperspy._components.eels_arctan.EELSArctan` to use the old API.
- The `legacy` option (introduced in HyperSpy 1.6) for :class:`~.api.model.components1D.Voigt` is removed, use :class:`~.api.model.components1D.PESVoigt` to use the old API.
```
